# 1. Prerequisite

## <mark style="color:blue;">1-1. Recommendation</mark>

Must be performed by a trained field service engineer, using Hamilton Service Software.

Make sure the software is properly installed and configured.



## <mark style="color:blue;">1-2. Required tools & Software info.</mark>

| No. | Part Number   | QTY | Description                      |
| --- | ------------- | --- | -------------------------------- |
| 1   | TL-6602097-01 | 1   | Tool, Calibration, Clamp, CMS    |
| 2   | TL-6602279-01 | 1   | Tool, Calibration, Grip, CMS     |
| 3   | TL-6602631-01 | 1   | Tool, Code128B Verification, CMS |
| 4   | TL-6602631-02 | 1   | Tool, Code128C Verification, CMS |
| 5   | TL-6602631-03 | 1   | Tool, Code39 Verification, CMS   |
| 6   | TL-6602631-04 | 1   | Tool, CODABAR Verification, CMS  |
| 7   | 95272-01\_H   | 1   | VCMS Service Software            |



## <mark style="color:blue;">1-3. Procedure for the prerequisite of the calibration</mark>

1. Launch the 'HxServiceSoftware.exe'.
2. Login. The username will be populated into the final report generated at the end.
3. Make sure the VCMS is powered on and connected through Ethernet to the PC.
4. Click 'Discover Attached Instrument' and wait for the desired VCMS to show on the list.
5.  Select the desired VCMS from the list and click 'Attach to Selected Instrument(s)'.&#x20;

    once the VCMS is connected, the 'Instruments' window will appear.
6. Open the 'Procedures' tab if it is not already selected.
7.  Select 'VCMS Maintenance and Verification' and click 'Run'.

    The Calibration Vial Decapper window appears.
8.  Carefully read through the steps in the overview.

    They contain important information and the order of operations that must be performed for the VCMS to function properly.
9. Click 'Next' when ready.
10. Click 'Initialize VCMS' to begin initialization. The VCMS will perform the following actions as its components initialize.

    \* Pay attention to the initialization sequence to make sure that all drives are moving properly.
11. Click 'Next' when 'Initialization Completed Successfully' appears at the bottom.
