# 3. Tower 1 & 2 Cal.

## <mark style="color:blue;">3-1. Procedure</mark>

1.  Click 'Begin Calibration' first to start de-capping arm calibration

    \* Do not put the tool in this step.
2. Once you see the message in the red box like below, install the calibration tools.
3. Place the clamp calibration tool in its designated location.
4.  Insert the grip calibration tool into the gripper and turn it slightly until the tool is secure.

    The tool will hang loosely in the gripper.
5. Once the tools have been placed, click 'Next' to begin calibration. Then, click 'Yes' to proceed.
6. When prompted, click 'Calibrate Tower'. The de-capping arm will perform several movements in theta(Rotation) and Z(Height) to determine the profile of the de-capping base and tool.
7. The values from the calibration will be populated into the final report for reference. Click 'Next' when ready.
8.  Remove the drip tray from the cap holder(Tower 1) and click 'Calibrate Cap Holder'.

    The VCMS will perform several touch-offs on the cap holder.
9. When the calibration results appear, replace the drip tray and click 'Next'.
10. Remove all the calibration tools when prompted and click 'Next'. The de-capping arm park positions will be calibrated next.
11. Click 'Calibrate Park' to begin part position calibration for the rear de-capping arm.

    When the calibration values appear, click 'Next' to calibrate the front de-capping arm's park position.
12. Repeat steps(1 to 11) above for the front de-capping arm, Tower 2.
